hello together and welcome back to
a canal
I had you some videos before
I once told these problems with
have my opel knives in the
Form me the fair with moisture
here in the frontal area here so strong
I do not swell it
can open or close more if I
have a little google or synonymous
my information source number 1 so
youtube interviewed and there different
Solutions found a way
The knife is in hot
candle wax to dive
as you probably are here now
think this is mine
preferred variant for today i
try another one
possibility would be to co-incite with
Hot glue here on the front side
I can well imagine if that
Hot glue here feeds that too
has a corresponding effect and there
I still have a third solution
someone has the knife in there
cooked hot oil in a saucepan so
that the knife thereby the wood thereby
was impregnated according as
I just think the cable is
now the easiest way is the variant with
the candle wax and thus the
I have the following works
I came here from the out of the
drawer from my girlfriend one
little one has a tealight with one
a cash register is brought equal
here these wooden blocks top right and
lie down left so the cat still
gets enough air if I then
Ultimately , the big tealight up here
with the candle wax on it
so that enough wax is available around
dip the opels accordingly
ok then I build very briefly by moving a
bit of cardboard under and then we see
us right back last order
Amazon a piece of the pop cartonage
defeated and I'll go now
light tealight in here
the pieces of wood right and left
place and then the tealights
On top of that, let's see if that is
enough makes it grow time
bit smaller so the hands on to
melt up looks good and
Marked here a few parts wax
in and then I just wait for that
the whole thing has melted whole
now certainly took five minutes
In the meantime I have the wink
removed from the open and become it now
with the front side here once in
Hot wax reins out what it
a little bit up and close
it's either going through the wax now
comes at the moment wonderfully easy
I clean the knife directly and leave
that sounds like doing the same thing
we still with the opel number 12
I take the clasp from the knife
easy to open and then open the blade
and then the lock ring jumps
Just go up and now we'll do it
same with this opel is also there
I'm very curious but so pure
Theoretically, the growth of the wood must be
year up well so i am
actually quite good things
is the knife from the two I will
Opels now often times in wet
take the environment and report to you
of course if the effort was worth it
or whether that is an appropriate measure
for the impregnation of opener knives
is okay thanks for seeing and
I'll be glad when we get back on
see a canal until then many thanks